# Reshoot-Anything: A Self-Supervised Model for In-the-Wild Video Reshooting

(placeholder for paper arxiv link) (https://github.com/morphicfilms/video-to-video). (placeholder for hf link)

TLDR : Video 2 Video models are difficult to train because of the lack of paired multi perspective video data with the same action. We solve this by suggesting a self supervised metrhod to train a Video-Reshooting model from in the wild videos

## Demo: 

placeholder for mp4 file here

## Examples

Put side by side
cvpr26v2v/results/woman_og.mp4 | cvpr26v2v/results/woman_01.mp4
cvpr26v2v/results/man_og.mp4 | cvpr26v2v/results/man_01.mp4
cvpr26v2v/results/car_og.mp4 | cvpr26v2v/results/car_01.mp4
cvpr26v2v/results/car_black_og.mp4 | cvpr26v2v/results/car_black_01.mp4
cvpr26v2v/results/car_grey_og.mp4 | cvpr26v2v/results/car_grey_01.mp4

## Inference Example

Input Video                                 cvpr26v2v/ablations/78_82_input.mp4

Anchor Video           cvpr26v2v/ablations/78anchor.mp4          cvpr26v2v/ablations/82anchor.mp4

Re-shot Video          cvpr26v2v/ablations/78output.mp4          cvpr26v2v/ablations/82output.mp4

## Abstract

Precise camera control for reshooting dynamic videos is bottlenecked by the severe scarcity of paired multi-view data for non-rigid scenes. We overcome this limitation with a highly scalable self-supervised framework capable of leveraging internet-scale monocular videos. Our core contribution is the generation of pseudo multi-view training triplets, consisting of a source video, a geometric anchor, and a target video. We achieve this by extracting distinct smooth random-walk crop trajectories from a single input video to serve as the source and target views. The anchor is synthetically generated by forward-warping the first frame of the source with a dense tracking field, which effectively simulates the distorted point-cloud inputs expected at inference. Because our independent cropping strategy introduces spatial misalignment and artificial occlusions, the model cannot simply copy information from the current source frame. Instead, it is forced to implicitly learn 4D spatiotemporal structures by actively routing and re-projecting missing high-fidelity textures across distinct times and viewpoints from the source video to reconstruct the target. At inference, our minimally adapted diffusion transformer utilizes a 4D point-cloud derived anchor to achieve state-of-the-art temporal consistency, robust camera control, and high-fidelity novel view synthesis on complex dynamic scenes.

## Training Data Construction


ReTake_V2V/figures/teaser.pdf -> put image from this here : convert pdf->png save it there

cvpr26v2v/ablations/input.mp4 -----> 4D Point Cloud + Camera ---->  cvpr26v2v/ablations/render_pink.mp4
cvpr26v2v/ablations/78_82_input.mp4 -----> 4D Point Cloud + Camera ---->  cvpr26v2v/ablations/render_pink78.mp4


## Model Architecture

ReTake_V2V/figures/overview.pdf -> put image from this here : convert pdf->png save it there

## Ablations 

Add table-main-comparison from ReTake_V2V/sec_arxiv/4_method.tex

## Comparisons

table-main-comparison from ReTake_V2V/sec_arxiv/6_experiments.tex


## Acknowledgements

We'd like to thank the members of Morphic for the compute and motivation, Dharmesh Kakadia and Isaac Wang for reviewing the paper.



